Brian Marburger: Nope.
Brian Marburger: Hey, Rob.
Brian Marburger: Dan, area.
Robert Lombardo: I heard I was sick.
Brian Marburger: Oh, you're sick?
Robert Lombardo: That's what Cheryl told Justin.
Robert Lombardo: Justin's like, you're sick?
Brian Marburger: So… So I think the big conversation today is gonna be…
Brian Marburger: Like, when we went through Blueprint with QuarterShare, we said that if you had a…
Brian Marburger: Policy with different varying percentages. We were going to do two policies.
Robert Lombardo: That's fine.
Brian Marburger: And you can do that in Unity without copy… without rekeying anything. You can create a quote.
Brian Marburger: And then you can duplicate that quote, and you can actually issue both of those quotes.
Brian Marburger: So you could have your first one, get it all in, And…
Brian Marburger: do it ground up if you want to, and then that one you could do quotas shared.
Robert Lombardo: You have to understand this, Brian.
Robert Lombardo: We've talked about a lot of stuff.
Robert Lombardo: And I'm fine with doing them individually, but when we get in these conversations and we start talking about quota share again, we've talked about so much since then and then that it… I don't remember.
Brian Marburger: Yeah, that's fine.
Robert Lombardo: We're good with that. I have no problem doing it individually, that makes it clean to me, and that's, like I said, that's how everyone does it in the industry already.
Brian Marburger: Yeah, it'll make the billing and everything a little bit cleaner, and claims, and… yeah, yeah. So, Cheryl, we just canceled today that evening.
Cheryl Smith: It's hard to say. It sounds to me like an important decision was made.
Robert Lombardo: Well, I don't know, I'm feeling sick.
Cheryl Smith: I know! I'm sorry, Rob.
Robert Lombardo: user error somewhere in there. I shouldn't have eaten the cauliflower, MASH yesterday.
Cheryl Smith: Yeah, well, well, I'm sorry, but… That would make you sick.
Robert Lombardo: I'll be honest with you, Justin took me to lunch yesterday, and…
Cheryl Smith: There we go.
Robert Lombardo: Cauliflower.
Cheryl Smith: Oh, really?
Robert Lombardo: Yeah, it really was, because I would… I expected… I've tried having… making my own cauliflower mash, I'm like, that ain't mashed potatoes.
Robert Lombardo: Oh, yeah.
Cheryl Smith: Hmm.
Cheryl Smith: I don't know how…
Robert Lombardo: Now we can end this meeting.
Cheryl Smith: I don't know how you could have cauliflower and not really realize that it was cauliflower.
Robert Lombardo: I think they actually included mashed potatoes in it, but I could be wrong, but they said it was cauliflower mash.
Cheryl Smith: Well, then it probably was mashed potatoes, yeah.
Cheryl Smith: Okay.
Brian Seligman: That has nothing to do with aviation, does it?
Cheryl Smith: It does not.
Cheryl Smith: Rob is sick.
Cheryl Smith: But I don't think it's a cauliflower, I think you… did you say you had the flu, or…
Cheryl Smith: No?
Brian Seligman: Whew.
Cheryl Smith: Oh, I thought I was thinking Rob said.
Robert Lombardo: I was being sarcastic, I'm not saying
Robert Lombardo: I don't know where that came from.
Cheryl Smith: Oh, you're not? Okay.
Brian Seligman: Rob, can you show up at a baseball game, like the Yankee game, like Ferris Bueller?
Robert Lombardo: But thank you.
Brian Seligman: You're welcome.
Cheryl Smith: Wow.
Robert Lombardo: No, Justin texts me, he goes, are you sick?
Robert Lombardo: on Jabber, and I'm like, no?
Cheryl Smith: Oh, that's…
Robert Lombardo: Ryan!
Cheryl Smith: that said that you… you weren't feeling well, you were sick, you'd be out today. Maybe it's an old email that I saw.
Cheryl Smith: I don't know, Rob, I'm sorry, it was me that made the rumor.
Robert Lombardo: User error.
Cheryl Smith: It was user error. Absolutely.
Brian Seligman: Yep.
Brian Seligman: Hey, Justin said he may not be able to make this meeting. He's in a meeting with Brock… wait.
Brian Seligman: With you.
Cheryl Smith: Okay.
Brian Seligman: He just needs another meeting.
Brian Seligman: Okay.
Cheryl Smith: Wait, one more minute, I don't know if happy's gonna be able to do this one.
Brian Seligman: And I will have to cut out at a hard stop for me at 11.
Robert Lombardo: Oh, we're gonna be done here pretty quick, we already answered it.
Cheryl Smith: I started to say, it sounded like when I got on, Brian and Rob already
Cheryl Smith: I had it all figured out, so…
Robert Lombardo: Yeah, the problem we bump into, right, we get going on this stuff, we talk about things, and we agree to something, and then we start talking about jumping into it again, and we've talked about so much in between.
Robert Lombardo: It's like, well, how are we going to manage this? Because this package deal is really new to us, but yeah, Brian and I talked, we agreed that if we had different percentages, we would just issue individual policies. But we did that, like, a month and a half ago, or two months ago.
Robert Lombardo: Maybe even 3.
Robert Lombardo: So…
Cheryl Smith: Okay, so, you want to kind of just give us a quick, besides what you just said?
Cheryl Smith: Quick premium…
Robert Lombardo: Ryan, you want to say?
Brian Marburger: Yeah, so I thought Justin scheduled this meeting to continue the quota share conversation.
Brian Marburger: And I know there's a whole bunch of topics in that… in that bucket, but one of the things
Brian Marburger: Coming out of the last couple meetings was the discussion about
Brian Marburger: You know, being able to do a policy with multiple percentages on it, and one without, one with, and…
Brian Marburger: we need to go back to… Rob and I agreed, we need to go back to what we said in the blueprint, which was, if we're gonna do… if we need to do a…
Brian Marburger: quota share policy that is not the same, like, same percentage, up and down, that we would do two different policies, right? And… and you can do that today, and I know Rob's concern was, I don't want to rekey anything. Well.
Brian Marburger: As long as you duplicate your quote, you can… you can… you can still issue both quotes, so…
Brian Marburger: You know, if they put a quote in.
Brian Marburger: They can duplicate it at whatever point they want to, and then change either one and do whatever they want, but they would still stay within the boundaries of
Brian Marburger: If I'm offering… You know, if I'm… if I'm the…
Brian Marburger: lead or follower, and I'm doing a 20%, everything on that's got to be 20%. We're not gonna have 20% for aircraft, and 10% for platinum, and, you know.
Brian Marburger: That would be a nightmare.
Robert Lombardo: hybrid.
Cathy Burnham: And likewise.
Brian Marburger: I don't know if that… I know, was one of many open topics, but we wanted to get that one off the table. Like, that would not be an ask.
Cathy Burnham: And on those same lines.
Cathy Burnham: across coverage parts, one can't be on quota share and the other not full ground… like, the other be full ground up. So, yeah.
Brian Marburger: Right, that would be just, like, two different percentages, right? Yeah.
Cathy Burnham: Yeah.
Brian Marburger: Nope.
Debbie Decker: Hey, Kathy, what they were saying, though, I just want to make sure, right? So, he was saying duplicate the quote, and just…
Debbie Decker: have it different stuff. Like, if we have to have separate policies, we have to have separate submissions, right?
Brian Seligman: Nope.
Debbie Decker: M.
Cheryl Smith: No.
Cathy Burnham: Let's think about, like, moving and storage, right? Truck, we got multiple policies on the same submission.
Pavan.Shah@iatinsurance.com: Usually it takes a scenario in drug.
Debbie Decker: Okay. Okay.
Brian Seligman: So it's the same semester number?
Brian Marburger: Yeah.
Brian Seligman: Same submission number and two policies with different policy numbers. Same submission.
Cathy Burnham: from policy.
Brian Marburger: Correct.
Cathy Burnham: Yep.
Robert Lombardo: Okay.
Andrea.Young@iatinsurance.com: would be…
Robert Lombardo: the aircraft and create a GL off of that, correct?
Brian Marburger: Yeah, you could start it with aircraft. I mean, there's all kinds of scenarios. You could start one with an aircraft, copy it, and change the second one to platinum.
Brian Marburger: Or GL.
Brian Marburger: Or platinum and GL, or whatever. But you're gonna… you're gonna stay within… it's either all ground up or all quarter share on that one policy. And if it's… if it's quarter share, it's either… it's all the same percentage.
Robert Lombardo: Perfect.
Brian Marburger: Right.
Debbie Decker: So you can bind the multiple quotes, and when you bind the multiple quotes, you get the different policy numbers. Okay, thank you. I just had to work that through.
Cathy Burnham: Yeah.
Brian Marburger: Yeah, I did too. I asked… I was asking Chris Uroney that, because I know we do it inland, but I forgot, like, you can still do it, right? Yeah.
Biswajit Pati: But a question there, do we technically want to link those somehow? Because… or we don't want it to be handled through training? Let's say we select aircraft in one.
Biswajit Pati: And the other code that's being written has to be written for Platinum with a different percentage. They don't get an ability to select aircraft as because it's selected on code number 1.
Brian Marburger: No, we wouldn't link it, but it would be up to the underwriters to make sure that
Brian Marburger: they're not insuring the same aircraft on two different policies, right? Because you would… it's either… that would be stacking limits or engagement, right? That's up to the underwriter.
Biswajit Pati: Negative.
Brian Marburger: an AM.
Cathy Burnham: And the active aircraft
Cathy Burnham: check, integration check, should catch those, too. Like, if you tried to put that plane on the other quote.
Brian Marburger: So, I didn't know what else…
Cheryl Smith: with,
Brian Marburger: Get on the schedule for today.
Cheryl Smith: There was a, outstanding action item, for Connor. I didn't know, Rob, he was going to talk to you. I'm gonna share my screen.
Cheryl Smith: I just figured while we were on, I'd go ahead and ask about that, too, then.
Cheryl Smith: So… It was, to the following…
Cheryl Smith: Form, policy document, indicate, as agreed.
Cheryl Smith: Or should it have the limits? I know on, we have, we have an example.
Cheryl Smith: Here, and it says, as agreed.
Robert Lombardo: That's where it stays.
Cheryl Smith: It should always say as agreed, not… we don't have to amount limits to it.
Robert Lombardo: No.
Cheryl Smith: Okay.
Cheryl Smith: Okay, that was…
Robert Lombardo: Our percentages… our percentages play into that.
Robert Lombardo: Which is right below in item 4.
Cheryl Smith: Yes, this one here.
Robert Lombardo: So everything is as agreed.
Cheryl Smith: Okay, alright, so I can… I'll put the answer.
Cathy Burnham: There was kind of two parts to that, because.
Cheryl Smith: Okay.
Cathy Burnham: And Matt.
Robert Lombardo: Just to make you remember.
Cathy Burnham: more of that discussion when Connor was… like, I think he was maybe talking about, like, should our following foreign policy have
Cathy Burnham: more to it, like, including the endorse, right? Do you know what I'm talking about? Maybe you can explain.
Madison Jahn: Yes. So he said at Star, they actually issued a policy and endorsements for following.
Madison Jahn: I was like, I don't know that we would want to start doing that now, since we haven't done it in, like, 6 years, so…
Robert Lombardo: No, we're not gonna do that.
Madison Jahn: Sweet. Works for me!
Kjersten Hewes: Heh.
Robert Lombardo: You know, they have to… the issue we bump into is if they agree to something, and then we're not agree… we're not aware of it, then there's an issue with that, because there's no documentation to it.
Robert Lombardo: And we do get lead documents, they should be sharing that with us. So if there's a… they do something that we don't agree to, then there's a problem, obviously. But I don't see why we need to be issuing endorsements for something that we're never going to send to an insured.
Robert Lombardo: Everything is contingent on the leads and policy anyway.
Robert Lombardo: So, what's the point of issuing an endorsement?
Cheryl Smith: Okay.
Cheryl Smith: I was trying to look through all the notes to see if there was anything else
Cheryl Smith: So if you are full.
Cathy Burnham: some items I want to just kind of go back through. It's on the following form, specifically.
Cathy Burnham: just to talk back through these, I don't know if we…
Cheryl Smith: Okay.
Cathy Burnham: Covered them all, for sure, but,
Cathy Burnham: So in terms of, producing a quote document on a following form, we still produce a quote document, just like, you know, it would be, like.
Cathy Burnham: If we were the lead, that kind of quote document. It tells what percentage we're at.
Cathy Burnham: Is that right?
Robert Lombardo: We… if we're to lead, We quote…
Cathy Burnham: Sorry, following.
Cathy Burnham: Yes.
Robert Lombardo: If we do following, it's not as detailed as a lead quote. It's pretty much, this is… we understand that this is the coverage, this is the premium, this is our percentage. And we also have a little bit of a blurb on the bottom in regards to what we expect from the NACHA.
Robert Lombardo: It's a very simple document. Now, the underwriters, though, from a pricing standpoint, they need to either price it as 100% to figure out the rate.
Robert Lombardo: And make sure they agree with the lead's terms, because there could be a delta if they want to pursue a delta, if they disagree. Maybe the lead is more expensive than us, and we'll take their premium, okay? If it's a very large
Robert Lombardo: flight operation, then we can also do composite rating. My underwriter will put two or three of the airplanes in to get an idea where the rates are to make sure that they're in line with what we're looking to do. That's the two ways that they're going to validate the premium.
Robert Lombardo: And then from there, the quote letter is a little more generic.
Bikash.Agarwal@iatinsurance.com: So, the quote letter usually have, all the endorsements that get attached. In case of falling form, we are not attaching any endorsement, we are not mentioning,
Bikash.Agarwal@iatinsurance.com: attaching the coverage form, deck page, nothing, right? Only the form that, Cheryl was showing, and the NACHA form, maybe something related to NACHA, that's all, right?
Robert Lombardo: language in the NACHA, because sometimes it takes a while for the lead to get us the NACHA.
Robert Lombardo: Right? So what are we agreeing to?
Robert Lombardo: And the reason why we put that on our following quote, and it's actually a Joe Tracy recommendation, because there was some delays in getting stuff back, was we're putting out there that this is what we expect and what the intent is on our quote, and we send that out. I think we're the only ones that actually do it.
Robert Lombardo: just because of that delay, sometimes we go 90 days fighting to get a notcha from the lead, right? We don't do that ourselves, we turn that stuff around pretty quick. But it's an expectation of this is what we're agreeing to right now.
Robert Lombardo: Here's our terms for the following, and here's the fees and the expectation of that NOCHA agreement.
Robert Lombardo: You can see that in Simrator.
Robert Lombardo: Because there is a lead, or a following quote letter in there. And as you can see, it's kind of like a… the underwriter goes in there and just kind of types in across the quote letter itself.
Robert Lombardo: the premium that's there from the lead, they put their percentage in, and then I have it really calculated just, you know, if it's 25%, then 25% of the premium carries across the side. That's what we're going to bill for. But when we do issue, once again, there's no endorsements, it's only the two-page document, which is one form.
Robert Lombardo: Following form, and as you see.
Bikash.Agarwal@iatinsurance.com: Yeah.
Robert Lombardo: It's all based on, as agreed to, and refers all… always back to the lead policy that was issued.
Bikash.Agarwal@iatinsurance.com: And, regarding the premium calculation, as you said, we will still calculate our premium, for example, for 10 million, whatever way we are calculating the premium, applying all the factors and everything. And then, if it's 20%, we'll just do the 20% and
Bikash.Agarwal@iatinsurance.com: show you that premium. Now, underwriters do have an option to override that premium using the risk characteristics and all those things, but do you need another premium box to just directly override the premium instead of going and adjusting?
Bikash.Agarwal@iatinsurance.com: All the premiums, like, key in one single premium, and that's your premium for the following policy.
Robert Lombardo: Right. I agree with that latter part that you just said, because, once again, we… Okay.
Bikash.Agarwal@iatinsurance.com: Great.
Robert Lombardo: I'm gonna say I'm gonna do it for 50% more premium.
Brian Seligman: Can hear you, Ron.
Robert Lombardo: and the premium was accurate based on what we would expect. So that's why we still theoretically have to rate it to do a comparison, but the quote letter may be different from that. We may agree to the terms. Maybe they're 3% less than us. Okay, we'll accept that premium.
Robert Lombardo: Right? So we'll put the number, and then we'll go with it.
Cheryl Smith: Thank you. Because maybe a stupid question, I'm not following. When you… you're talking about them going over and putting in their own premium.
Cheryl Smith: You're not talking about on the quote itself, you're talking about… the policy?
Bikash.Agarwal@iatinsurance.com: Anytime, like, they can either do it at the time of quote, or, before bind, right?
Bikash.Agarwal@iatinsurance.com: Right.
Cheryl Smith: off the pricing screen, you're… Of the pricing screen.
Bikash.Agarwal@iatinsurance.com: screen.
Cheryl Smith: of the price.
Bikash.Agarwal@iatinsurance.com: screen. So, we do our own calculation according to the algorithm that we are being provided, make it 20% of that premium, show it on the pricing screen. Now, underwriters do have an option, either go and adjust those premium by using the risk characteristics and all.
Bikash.Agarwal@iatinsurance.com: or directly key in the premium after knowing the lead policy's premium, they directly key in our premium, this is what we want to charge, and that's the premium for the policy.
Brian Marburger: So, that's… you're bringing up a really good point, because you're 100% correct. You show…
Brian Marburger: This is something we need to take offline, because currently there's a problem with that immunity, where…
Brian Marburger: Like, in property, you can…
Brian Marburger: you can put in… it's called the IRPM Override, and it essentially allows you to put in whatever premium you want.
Brian Marburger: But it… when it recalculates, it tries to recalculate
Brian Marburger: and tell you that you should put a factor in of 1.10 or something like that, or something, right? The problem is, the premium doesn't come out to the exact number that you want.
Brian Marburger: And that's a complete nightmare for the underwriter. Like, it'll come out to $49,992,
Brian Marburger: Instead of the $50,000 that you want.
Brian Marburger: So, we have to make sure that, like Bikas is saying, that they have a way to physically
Brian Marburger: At close stage, on these following ones.
Brian Marburger: Where you're not… you're not essentially relying on the rating at that point, coming up with a specific dollar amount premium.
Bikash.Agarwal@iatinsurance.com: Thanks for pointing it out, Brian. I will make a note of it, just to cross-check how property is working, but we have done that in excess, where user can key in the exact, override premium that they want, and I know that's doable, so…
Cathy Burnham: The difference in access, though, is there's no, like, individual risks, right? Like, here, those premiums are on an aircraft level, like…
Cathy Burnham: So that's, like, in property, they're at a property level, right? Or a location…
Cathy Burnham: We gotta get that one premium amount.
Bikash.Agarwal@iatinsurance.com: one premium, and then assign it to the aircrafts and all, yeah.
Cathy Burnham: Apply it against all of the individuals.
Bikash.Agarwal@iatinsurance.com: Yeah, so, yeah, we have to do the reverse calculation, something like, and apply it to all the aircraft.
Brian Marburger: Right, and that's the problem in property. It does that today, and it's a problem.
Madison Jahn: That'll have to be midterm, also.
Brian Marburger: Well, so this brings up another point that I wanted to bring up, and Rob, weigh in on this. So, let's just stay with…
Brian Marburger: Like… My lead carrier, right?
Brian Marburger: You could get to a specific override premium, but you're going to tend to do that with your mods, right?
Brian Marburger: But in this following scenario.
Brian Marburger: You have the need to get to this premium at the quote stage, and that's going to go down through the system at booking.
Brian Marburger: And then you're gonna come up to a midterm change from the lead carrier.
Brian Marburger: and they're going to say, we're going to do this endorsement, and it's gonna be, you know, $5,000, you would typically do your percentage of that $5,000, right? And so you… at midterm, you have to be able to do the exact same thing, put in a
Brian Marburger: midterm change endorsement of a fixed amount, and it just flows through without it going anywhere, right? I mean, I know that's not really true, but it's not like you're going to re-rate the whole thing, try to get to that $5,000. That would be a nightmare. So…
Brian Marburger: to Madison's point, we have to think about Offline, how's this… how's that…
Brian Marburger: thing that Bikosh is talking about gonna work on a midterm, right? Because…
Brian Marburger: Rob needs to put the $5,000 in, or our share of the 5,000, rather, and that's all they're gonna do in a midterm follower.
Brian Marburger: They're not gonna do any…
Brian Marburger: You know, nothing's going out that's showing any re-rating or anything like that, it's just the premium charge.
Brian Seligman: Is that the case, though? Would you ever have a situation where you view the exposure for that additional aircraft different from the primary carrier?
Robert Lombardo: Well, that's the thing, right? We're talking about additional insurance. Now, if you're talking about adding, like, an aircraft, my guys still need… provided it's not following
Robert Lombardo: the same type, right? So…
Robert Lombardo: If I have the same airplane, and they're adding it midterm, it's very easy, the rating structure is there, I can just move past it, right? I'm going to accept that and move on. But if they're adding a entirely unique airplane.
Robert Lombardo: I would still need to be able to rate that and make sure that the premium they're charging, I agree with. Right? I still need to be able to validate
Robert Lombardo: what they're doing, and I can push back and agree with them or disagree with them.
Robert Lombardo: But I agree.
Brian Marburger: What's your number?
Robert Lombardo: Hit the number, and once I agree to it.
Brian Marburger: Right.
Madison Jahn: And we have had situations where, like, this just happened this week, so that's what's making me think of it, where they added, like, the lead added an aircraft fairly close to renewal.
Madison Jahn: So instead of going through, like, their whole rating engine, they just said, we're gonna add this for $500.
Brian Marburger: We did a flat chocolate.
Madison Jahn: Follow at 250.
Brian Marburger: So, let that think sink in, because we… I know we're not trying to solve all that, but Ron, I had another question for you.
Cathy Burnham: Before we go on to that question, sorry, I…
Cathy Burnham: So, at midterm, if they're gonna add an aircraft.
Cathy Burnham: We would add that aircraft to our… Schedule?
Cathy Burnham: So we're… at least we have it.
Cathy Burnham: Or are we saying.
Robert Lombardo: We don't have a discussion, right?
Robert Lombardo: Because I could disagree with the entire thing and not agree to do it, and they have to move the whole policy. They have to find someone that would follow them that would do it, right? Because all because I'm following you doesn't mean I've given away the keys to the kingdom, and at that point, you could put the spirit of St. Louis in a…
Robert Lombardo: you know, a NASA space shuttle on it, right? And I have to follow. No, I don't.
Robert Lombardo: But, I still have the ability to validate the rate that they're using for the newer aircraft.
Robert Lombardo: Okay, so that's the big catch. I gotta be able to validate it, and if I agree with the premium, I can either move forward with their premium, or if I want to issue with a delta, and the broker agrees that the delta's okay, then I go forward with the delta, or I say, no, I'm done. You're gonna have to replace me on this policy.
Cathy Burnham: In the case of where they're just adding up the common aircraft, they already got.
Robert Lombardo: Probably gonna agree with it, and move on.
Cathy Burnham: But we would… we would still put it on our schedule so that we have
Cathy Burnham: record of it, like, we've got record of the other.
Madison Jahn: We put it in the system right now, because sometimes when we do remove it from the system, our premium will match what theirs is.
Madison Jahn: expecting to be, but like I said, because we have that rounding issue with Frontier.
Madison Jahn: Sometimes we have to, like, manipulate it a certain amount to get it to match what they're expecting.
Robert Lombardo: Madison, it's a large fleet of, like, say.
Madison Jahn: If it's, like, 100 aircraft? No. No, we're not putting all.
Robert Lombardo: So it's not always in the schedule.
Madison Jahn: Not always.
Robert Lombardo: for that.
Robert Lombardo: No. Okay.
Madison Jahn: We have ones that are, like, as…
Cathy Burnham: Bird.
Madison Jahn: Provided, or whatever.
Cathy Burnham: I looked at that one.
Robert Lombardo: Yeah, they just had to give a description so that…
Cathy Burnham: Not a lot.
Robert Lombardo: The big issue is that it has to have a name, so that if there's a claim, Jessica's team can associate either liability or physical damage payments to it.
Robert Lombardo: To open the claim up, so that's why they put a bare minimum that they need, but they're not going to bury themselves with all that extra work. In some ways, the following policy is a very easy piece for us to do. We're just matching premium.
Brian Marburger: So this is where I was going with my second question. Thank you, Kathy, for opening the can of worms, which is… so, Rob, when you have these large schedule policies, like, whatever you're going to define as large.
Brian Marburger: and their non-quota, so you're gonna put them all in the system, you're gonna put all the aircraft in, and it's gonna rate it, right? That's, like, scenario one.
Brian Marburger: Then you have a scenario where your lead carrier
Brian Marburger: Quota share. So the first scenario was non-quarter share, just normal account.
Brian Marburger: You're gonna put everything, and it's gonna rate it all up, and you've got the happy pad.
Brian Marburger: Then you go to a quota shared lead, you're still going to put everything in, even the large schedule ones, right?
Brian Marburger: And you'll be down the happy path, except it's quota share.
Robert Lombardo: Exactly. It's 100% build up, except now we throw on the endorsement that says we're only responsible for 50%.
Brian Marburger: Now let's talk about the non-happy path. I mean, meaning non-happy path, meaning you're a quota share, you're a follower.
Brian Marburger: And it's a large schedule.
Brian Marburger: Are you really… do you… would you need the ability to put it all in, like you were doing before?
Brian Marburger: Or, not put it all in.
Brian Marburger: And just do a per schedule on file, and here's how much I'm charging.
Robert Lombardo: Well, like I said, the way my guys are validating the premium, if it's a smaller portion, where it's 4 planes.
Robert Lombardo: It is a large.
Cathy Burnham: Cutting out a lot, Rob.
Brian Marburger: You're cutting out, Rob.
Robert Lombardo: I'm cutting it.
Robert Lombardo: It's, Sarasota.
Robert Lombardo: Let me change my headset here, if you don't mind.
Brian Marburger: The reason I'm bringing this up, Kathy and I were just talking about this this morning.
Brian Marburger: Because that as agreed got me thinking about
Brian Marburger: Like we do in property, which is scheduled per on file.
Robert Lombardo: Okay.
Robert Lombardo: So… If we're… if it's a small…
Robert Lombardo: Quota share, my team is going to enter in the 3, 4, 5 airplanes to rate it, because they need to validate the premium.
Robert Lombardo: when… let's just assume I have a schedule of 200 airplanes.
Robert Lombardo: They're going to…
Robert Lombardo: grab unique aircraft off of it, maybe 3 or 4 to create a composite rate, and use that for comparison. They're not going to upload the full schedule. They're just wanting to validate that they agree with the premiums.
Brian Marburger: And then they're gonna… in that case, they'd have to be able to use that override, put your own premium in at the end, because what you're saying is.
Brian Marburger: if I have 10 Piper and 10 of these, and they might put one Piper in, okay, that looks like they're in the ballpark.
Robert Lombardo: Correct.
Brian Marburger: It looks like they're in the ballpark. So, conceptually, the pricing's gonna work.
Brian Marburger: Therefore, I'm just going to agree to the terms as agreed.
Brian Marburger: on the proposal and output, and I want to charge you $100,000. That's correct. Whatever percent of the… you're comfortable with the percent of the…
Brian Marburger: Premium.
Robert Lombardo: Yep, and that's how we audit those files. Did they do 100% rate because it's small, or did they do a composite rating?
Robert Lombardo: So, that's exactly what we need.
Brian Marburger: They're releasing.
Robert Lombardo: Palsy.
Brian Marburger: when you say composite rating, I'm assuming…
Brian Marburger: For those of you who are in fleet, we're not doing what… we're just… when we say composite, we're just doing a…
Brian Marburger: We're just doing a price check.
Brian Marburger: based on a type, make, and model or something, and a couple of those, that's a composite idea. Not…
Brian Marburger: I think fleet… er, fleet does it differently, I think, right? Yeah, it's a lot more complicated than fleet, I think, right? We're not going down that path, so…
Robert Lombardo: No, no.
Brian Marburger: Yeah.
Robert Lombardo: In aviation, with me doing a composite rating, it's really more of, like, a spot check.
Robert Lombardo: Of all.
Brian Marburger: Yeah, you're just flat-checking their rates against our rating algorithm to say, yeah, we're in the ballpark, I can agree to that.
Robert Lombardo: Correct.
Brian Marburger: Okay.
Robert Lombardo: But… and at any time, whether I'm putting all the aircraft in, or I'm doing the spot check.
Robert Lombardo: I need the ability to override the premium at that point, because I'm following.
Brian Marburger: Yeah, in my mind, the system's not gonna know which one you're doing, right? It's just gonna know you're putting aircraft in, it's gonna rate it, and whether you put 90 of them in or 1 in, it's not gonna care.
Robert Lombardo: Agreed.
Brian Marburger: And at the end, you're just gonna say her schedule, as agreed.
Brian Marburger: And it won't produce the schedule anyways, because it's meaningless, and it's not part of the output for either a quote or
Brian Marburger: bound following.
Brian Marburger: So all that stuff you put in is not really doing anything anyways, right?
Brian Marburger: From that perspective, so… You just still come back to the cautious point about needing the premium override.
Robert Lombardo: Correct.
Brian Marburger: It's not even really an override, it's… at that point, it's just a premium booking.
Brian Marburger: Because the override is meaningless, because what you're overriding is nothing. I mean, it's like one account that's been…
Brian Marburger: Three aircraft have been tested.
Cathy Burnham: Yeah.
Robert Lombardo: Well, that brings up another question regarding billing for Madison. When you put that in there on a following form, do you break out the liability from physical damage in the system for Frontier? So they know, okay.
Madison Jahn: Yeah, unless it was a situation like that… like that one where it was just, like, a flat charge. But I think, actually, that was a liability-only aircraft, so it didn't matter.
Madison Jahn: Okay. But yeah, typically we break them up.
Robert Lombardo: Because we have to make sure the premium's getting routed to the right bucket for the exposures.
Cheryl Smith: Right, like we… Like the change request that we have for endorsements.
Cheryl Smith: Okay.
Pavan.Shah@iatinsurance.com: Just to, bring up one more thing about active IAT aircraft. So, though we could be following an N number as a part of our follow or quota share program.
Pavan.Shah@iatinsurance.com: But in case if that N number comes for the coating, and we enter that into a system, it will not return as an active IAT end number on any active IAT policy, because we did not add it to the schedule, because it was part of, say, big fleet, and it was the same aircraft, so we are okay with that.
Brian Marburger: We are.
Robert Lombardo: And, I mean, it's nice to catch that, but understandably, there'll be situations where we're going to be quoting active aircraft on other quotes.
Robert Lombardo: Just because someone bought the airplane, or is looking at buying the airplane. So it's more of a warning than a hard stop.
Pavan.Shah@iatinsurance.com: Yes.
Robert Lombardo: Okay.
Andrea.Young@iatinsurance.com: That not adding, like, the, say, 200 aircraft example you brought up, Brian, that's only on the following, where you would not add that, right? Like, on the lead, you would always add every aircraft? Yeah, because…
Robert Lombardo: I'm gonna answer for you, Brian, but on a lead, we're issuing the actual document that goes to the insured, so we need the full schedule.
Andrea.Young@iatinsurance.com: Following. Thanks, Rob.
Robert Lombardo: Following what the lead has done that themselves, and we're just tacking on to it to fill the capacity.
Andrea.Young@iatinsurance.com: Okay.
Brian Marburger: Andrew, that's a good question, that… because that's why I started off with the super happy path, which was non-quota share, large schedule, you're still going to put everything in.
Andrea.Young@iatinsurance.com: thing, yeah.
Brian Marburger: Right.
Brian Marburger: Yeah.
Bikash.Agarwal@iatinsurance.com: So, following, Rob, you may…
Cathy Burnham: I'm gonna share this one, because this was a good one, this big one. This is, Bird Acquisitions, Rob, you probably… Madison.
Cathy Burnham: found it, right? But it's a big one that we're splitting with STAR.
Cathy Burnham: And here is Star's binder, so here's all the aircraft. So…
Brian Marburger: They're the lead carrier, right?
Brian Marburger: everything.
Cathy Burnham: Yeah.
Brian Marburger: We don't care about all that level of detail.
Brian Marburger: Right?
Cathy Burnham: Yep. So, you guys may or may not put one or more of these aircraft on that
Cathy Burnham: on our policy, just to get a rate to validate, does this, you know, does it look like they're charging the right amount, if it's…
Brian Marburger: They might put a Stessina in, and a Piper, and… right.
Brian Marburger: Yep.
Cathy Burnham: And then… We want to actually…
Cathy Burnham: we take the other half of this $803,000. So, we need to… Override… .
Brian Marburger: We'd have to put that exact number in, so if we're taking 50% of this with… we'd have to be able to type in 803290 and not have it go
Brian Marburger: 802-299, or… 809… 803310. That's the problem property has.
Cathy Burnham: And I guess one other question, do we… is it just this one amount, or is it the liability and the premium? Or, I mean, the haul.
Robert Lombardo: Madison, I believe we break it out, don't they? Or do they do this as a clump? I think they, yeah, I think you should break out the hole versus liability.
Madison Jahn: You put it… you put it all under, like, one aircraft in the system, like, as scheduled or whatever, but then you select those coverages under that one aircraft to split up the premium.
Cathy Burnham: Okay. And then, yeah, I think that's what I saw was happening, what you did in Frontier. And then, like, these endorsements…
Brian Marburger: Well, we wouldn't show that on ours.
Robert Lombardo: Yeah, we don't… we're not doing endorsements.
Cathy Burnham: Nope.
Brian Marburger: Right.
Cathy Burnham: Okay, so that… this premium… All of this total premium here is part of the 803.
Cathy Burnham: these endorsed… I don't know, the… No, no, no, no, no, no.
Robert Lombardo: Okay. Well, yeah, look at it, there's show… well, you're looking at two different things, right? There's the total premium, which is above the $1,606, whatever it is?
Robert Lombardo: It says.
Cathy Burnham: Yes.
Robert Lombardo: What you're looking at is the lion's share for Star below it, and it's… they're doing 50%.
Cathy Burnham: So does the $1,6606 out of…
Robert Lombardo: All the premiums above?
Robert Lombardo: Yeah, it includes all the premium above, and now they're showing their portion of what they're going to charge.
Cathy Burnham: So… we would record well, yeah, this is liability and haul, so divide that up, okay.
Cathy Burnham: Like, what about taxes when we're a follower? Do we…
Cathy Burnham: Yeah, I know this one has all taxes.
Madison Jahn: We still charge.
Cathy Burnham: We have to take our portion. We have to take our portion.
Robert Lombardo: We do.
Cathy Burnham: L.
Robert Lombardo: And our percentage of our portion would be the same whether if we multiplied against the full amount or our portion only, the percentage is the percentage.
Cathy Burnham: Still the…
Madison Jahn: This is kind of a good time to bring this one up, too, because we have a few quota share accounts that are really big in Kentucky, but we don't show Kentucky tax on them because they are educational institutions.
Madison Jahn: And they're not subject to that tax.
Madison Jahn: So, if you see those, that's why those don't have taxes on them, but they are Kentucky.
Cheryl Smith: But, so we have to determine if…
Cheryl Smith: If they're educational or not, to… before…
Kjersten Hewes: Seems like there needs to be a checkbox.
Robert Lombardo: Yeah, there's a lot of…
Kjersten Hewes: have…
Robert Lombardo: Kentucky is a mess, because Kentucky is a tax, and it's based on tangible property location.
Robert Lombardo: So if the airplane is not in Kentucky and is in Illinois.
Robert Lombardo: then we don't charge a Kentucky tax.
Cheryl Smith: Right?
Robert Lombardo: Okay, but if it is based in Kentucky, the property's at Louisville Airport, we do charge our taxes for it. So keep that in mind. That's the only one that plays that way, because everything else, like FIGA, West Virginia, PLIGA, those are fees, and fees are going to be driven by the insured's address, and where the policy was issued.
Cheryl Smith: The primary writing study.
Robert Lombardo: Correct.
Cheryl Smith: or whatever. So, Kentucky… But isn't Kentucky the primary rating state as well?
Robert Lombardo: No, but it's where tangible property is located.
Cheryl Smith: Oh, okay.
Robert Lombardo: If the airplane's the tangible property and it's not in Kentucky, there is no tax.
Kjersten Hewes: There's the criteria of being a flight. What did you say, Madison? Educational institution?
Madison Jahn: It's an educational institution. Is there, like, a religious exemption too, Rob? There might be one for churches. I'd have to re-look it all up. I just know educational institution is one, because their colleges are the ones that we have right now that don't have, Kentucky tax on.
Cathy Burnham: Awesome.
Madison Jahn: Probably have to look up the…
Cathy Burnham: board. It's not an aviation specific.
Robert Lombardo: No, it's not.
Cathy Burnham: Yeah. Okay.
Robert Lombardo: If you had a… if you… if you were in trucking, right?
Robert Lombardo: And I actually had a guy… when I got into this when I was a traveler, because I was fighting that I didn't need to charge for it.
Robert Lombardo: And they were trying to charge me the actuary. When I called the state of Kentucky, they treat airplanes just like trucking.
Robert Lombardo: If the truck doesn't enter Kentucky, there's no Kentucky tax. That's how they look at it. So if the airplane doesn't enter the airspace, there's no Kentucky tax for the airplane. But who's gonna acknowledge that? No one ever will.
Cathy Burnham: Okay, and this whole thing about, like, an educational institution, so if the insurers.
Robert Lombardo: Standard state law.
Robert Lombardo: Probably.
Cathy Burnham: Standard, too, across whether it was… A college.
Cathy Burnham: insured.
Brian Marburger: One week.
Cathy Burnham: Trucks that they have, or some.
Cathy Burnham: That's a.
Brian Marburger: So what I'm hearing… what I'm hearing is when we do these… following.
Brian Marburger: you've got to be able to have a place to split the premium by coverage part at the high level, right? Because we don't… you don't need to know the individual pieces of the coverage part, like… like, call and liability or GL.
Brian Marburger: At that level, right? Because we don't care what the individual coverages are, because that's all… we're agreeing to the.
Robert Lombardo: Well.
Brian Marburger: Which…
Robert Lombardo: GL… you simplified the GL, because GL would be broken out with premises, hangar keepers, product, and Completed Ops.
Robert Lombardo: So there, like, with home liability, with the aircraft, you still capture that with the airplane? When you say GL, you do have those coverage parts that we do capture. It's just not very granular beyond that.
Brian Marburger: That's what I'm saying, though, you gotta have that level of detail for that. Kind of where Kathy was going, it's not just the 806 number, that 806 has to be split.
Brian Marburger: between the whole liability, whatever, that level of detail, right? But we're not capturing individual
Brian Marburger: premium below that. Like, we're not doing receipts, premium, and product
Brian Marburger: individual, all that kind of stuff. We're just booking it at the big level, right?
Robert Lombardo: Right, like, if they issued… if they had an endorsement for non-owned, which is liability, and they charged for it, we're just tying that into the liability premium for the airplane.
Robert Lombardo: We're just making sure the premium is being allocated to the right bucket, so when it falls through and we get our loss ratio calculations, they can attribute those funds to apply towards those losses.
Biswajit Pati: Same for medical, too. Like, if you have the premium for medical, you will tag it around.
Robert Lombardo: liability It goes right back into it, yeah.
Brian Marburger: And then you also have to have a way to…
Brian Marburger: indicate this whole tax thing, right? Because there's not going to be any rating algorithm in the system to know it's
Brian Marburger: In a specific… state, right? So you're gonna have to have an open-ended way to… Put in that…
Brian Marburger: tax, we're exempted, right? I'm just talking about…
Robert Lombardo: Interesting. Does Unity not calculate tax?
Cheryl Smith: Yes, it does.
Brian Marburger: Well, it would, based on the exposures, but you're not going to have any exposures in there.
Cathy Burnham: Like, on those large fleets.
Robert Lombardo: I get in that situation, but when it comes to…
Brian Marburger: We're talking.
Robert Lombardo: 100% up or lead?
Robert Lombardo: And the air… the aircraft is based illegal Airport.
Cheryl Smith: that.
Robert Lombardo: It would calculate all that out.
Brian Marburger: That would do all that. Yeah, I was just talking about the following.
Robert Lombardo: Now, the catch, though, is that if I know the airplane is not in Kentucky, but the address is the triggering piece to that.
Robert Lombardo: Is there a way for me to say, no, there's no Kentucky tax, so it doesn't calculate it?
Robert Lombardo: On that risk.
Cheryl Smith: So…
Brian Marburger: What?
Cheryl Smith: We do it based off… the normal way, it's based off of the primary rating state, so if you… if it's not in Kentucky, your primary rating state wouldn't be Kentucky.
Robert Lombardo: Yes, it would be. The name insurance address is in Kentucky, but the property's not present there. Remember, it's not a… it's not buildings we're talking about, we're talking about moving vehicles, or areas.
Cheryl Smith: Yeah.
Robert Lombardo: The tangible property can be based someplace else, but I could have a residency and my address in Kentucky.
Brian Marburger: So, to me, it seems like you're gonna have to calculate that based off of the location of the aircraft.
Cathy Burnham: Yeah.
Robert Lombardo: But only for Kentucky.
Brian Marburger: Right?
Madison Jahn: Well, and Kentucky also has theirs split out, right? So, like, maybe the aircraft is in Kentucky, but it's not within the city limits.
Madison Jahn: of a certain municipality. So they'll still get the state tax, but they might not get the municipal tax because they're in an unincorporated area.
Cheryl Smith: Now, Madison, you're just getting a little bit too down in it.
Madison Jahn: I know, I'm sorry, girl, that's how we… that's how we do it manually right now.
Cheryl Smith: Every time I think that. Every time I think I have it, then Madison speaks.
Robert Lombardo: You know, it's… Kentucky is interesting, right? Because there's a lot of… like, there's almost, like, double jeopardy in some situations. First off, someone could theoretically have their address in Florida.
Robert Lombardo: and get billed FIGA, and they put their plane in Kentucky like some fool, and they get Kentucky tax, too. No one would really do that, they know better, they try to keep the plane out of Kentucky, or put it someplace where they won't have that fee. But calculating it, you have the state, you have a city, you have a county tax, and at one point, we actually had a collection fee that we would use as well.
Robert Lombardo: Right? Because we went through the effort of collecting the premium. We could charge the insured a tax on the tax.
Robert Lombardo: for us.
Robert Lombardo: It does get very complicated, but the point is, is that we need to be able to identify, and even if it's just an override that says, don't calculate Kentucky tax, that we can click that button and make it go away, then we're done.
Cheryl Smith: Seriously more, when we see the Kentucky tax stuff, we just need more fields that can be…
Madison Jahn: I think there needs to be a…
Cheryl Smith: included.
Madison Jahn: Turn it off field, right? Like Rob has said, turn off checkbox, and then there has to be a field for the, like, state
Madison Jahn: City, county.
Madison Jahn: Because… We might fill in one, and not the others, based on where the aircraft is located.
Cheryl Smith: Right, and that's no matter whether we have quota fare or not. That's…
Madison Jahn: That's…
Cheryl Smith: That's Kentucky Tech.
Robert Lombardo: That's Kentucky's.
Cheryl Smith: Aviation.
Robert Lombardo: And all because… all because the airport says it's Louisville Airport?
Robert Lombardo: It doesn't mean that it's in city limits. It actually could be outside city limits, and not have city taxes.
Robert Lombardo: And we've had…
Madison Jahn: There's a lot of Google.
Robert Lombardo: to identify them. Yeah, the county lines, city lines, We actually tried
Robert Lombardo: well in flight deck, I believe, Justin, correct?
Justin Adamo: Yeah, Flight Tech's automated, too.
Justin Adamo: I mean, we have to update the taxi each year, but… but yeah, FlightTech is working that way.
Bikash.Agarwal@iatinsurance.com: So.
Brian Marburger: So that would work for everything That we're talking about, because…
Brian Marburger: quarter share doesn't really apply to you, right? Because we don't… well, I mean, not that it doesn't apply, I'm saying a different approach, but…
Brian Marburger: From an automatic calculation perspective, So, Rob, if you have a policy in Texas.
Brian Marburger: Are there any Texas taxes or surcharges?
Justin Adamo: No. Not tech.
Robert Lombardo: Now, when I say that, there is always a tax that we pay to issue policies, we just don't pass it on to the insured.
Brian Marburger: Right.
Robert Lombardo: But there's nothing… the only states that we apply a fee or a tax
Robert Lombardo: is going to be an actual tax, which is Kentucky, tangible property. Then we have 3 fees. We have Florida, which is going away, big F, should be gone by September, right, Justin?
Justin Adamo: Yeah, September 30th.
Robert Lombardo: Okay, for now, it'll go away, but till the end of the hurricane, it'll come back. And then we have Pliga.
Robert Lombardo: which is for New Jersey, and then West Virginia. They both, basically, one is to support firefighters, and I can't remember what the other one is supposed to do as well, but they're just fees, and they're based on issuing the state.
Robert Lombardo: For the fees.
Cheryl Smith: Can I ask a quick question? I think it's the plaga. They seem to come and go, you know, my habit.
Robert Lombardo: Oh, yeah.
Cheryl Smith: or two, and then all of a sudden you don't have it, and then you have it for 6 months, or whatever.
Robert Lombardo: I will tell you, the only two that have been constant when it comes to fees for us in aviation has been Plliga in West Virginia, but SIGA in California's come and gone, Oregon's had one, Florida does come and go every single time.
Robert Lombardo: So that's… that one's… that's not too unusual to see.
Madison Jahn: Play had changed once since we've been riding, but that's it. It, like, went down.
Cheryl Smith: So the reason I ask that is, even, I think, even in property or some of the other lines.
Cheryl Smith: The business wanted us to, to…
Cheryl Smith: coded up so it was applicable, and just be able to turn it on and off, but if… if they came back and said, oh yeah, starting 6 months, we are going to start doing this, it would be ready
Cheryl Smith: to go. I was just trying to figure out.
Robert Lombardo: I think.
Cheryl Smith: If we take that approach, or…
Robert Lombardo: You do, and I think that's something you guys bumped into with Florida, because Florida all of a sudden had these delays on, okay, it's gonna change to this percentage on this state, and then it changes again on this date. And if I recall correctly, there was a lot of emails going around about that, because even Justin had to get involved to make sure Flight Deck would do it properly.
Robert Lombardo: But you definitely have to be able to plan for that, that yes, we can turn it off when they say they don't need it anymore, or it could be a structure, which you probably already have since you've built it now, where it could be staged where they have certain dates with increase or decrease at certain points.
Robert Lombardo: And then a time where it stops functioning.
Cheryl Smith: Yeah, I just want to be careful when we say it goes away in September or whatever. It might go away for a period of time. Well, that's what we said. It could come back, so…
Robert Lombardo: like I said, with FIGA, until they were lucky last year. No hurricanes.
Brian Marburger: Yeah, yeah.
Robert Lombardo: Everyone has a short-term memory.
Brian Marburger: It's just a matter of the hurricane season. It'll be bad.
Cheryl Smith: There's no…
Brian Marburger: God bless.
Cheryl Smith: Absolutely.
Robert Lombardo: Yeah, all the other carriers that…
Brian Marburger: to get money. Anything a state can do to get money, it's coming back.
Robert Lombardo: It is, and let's get real, the carriers are gonna get hit. There's a whole bunch of carriers running back to it now, okay? Because they're like, oh, wow, there's no one getting injured, all this money, you know, opportunity. So they're coming in there. They're gonna get hit with a hurricane this year, they're all gonna freak out, they're all gonna run.
Robert Lombardo: Rates are gonna go back up to $14,000 a year to insure your home.
Robert Lombardo: And the state's gonna have to step in again. And then because the state steps in, they're gonna have to get funding. There's your figure.
Robert Lombardo: So, it's a cycle, it's always going to be there.
Cathy Burnham: So, Cheryl, I think you'll probably have more detailed discussions on taxes and fees in general, right?
Cheryl Smith: Oh, absolutely, I had that.
Cathy Burnham: From a following form quota share… We do need…
Cathy Burnham: To charge our portion of the taxes.
Cathy Burnham: Is that right? The lead doesn't take all the… do all the tax.
Cathy Burnham: And so we charge our portion and have to report that out, like, okay. And fees, I guess. Taxes and fees, okay.
Cheryl Smith: And,
Cheryl Smith: Brian, when we were going over, quota share and everything, remember we put it on the pricing screen, but we really weren't sure exactly where all… where it would be, and I know I missed a meeting or so on this.
Cheryl Smith: does it belong more on an endorsement screen, or are we still thinking, the pricing screen?
Cheryl Smith: As far as that goes. I'm just trying to figure out where the placement is and what we would…
Cheryl Smith: what we were thinking, and I didn't know if you guys had talked about it
Cheryl Smith: Nobody. About where it goes, I mean, I know we're figuring out what it's supposed to do.
Cheryl Smith: But does anybody have a… Suggestion, because,
Cheryl Smith: like, the split out of liability versus, you know, hull and stuff, that's part of, what's gonna happen with endorsements. I didn't know if…
Cheryl Smith: If it's more of an endorsement, or if it really is something that
Cheryl Smith: we would just have, kind of like I already have.
Cathy Burnham: So, kind of, like, take this back, and then, like.
Cheryl Smith: Okay.
Cathy Burnham: chat with Bris and Coomer and the whole ball of wax, right, all the kind of the needs, and then, like, because there's overriding the premium, and then, I don't know, all of that.
Cheryl Smith: Yeah, it's a lot to it, and that's why.
Cathy Burnham: Yeah.
Cheryl Smith: I didn't know.
Cathy Burnham: And then there's, yeah, like.
Cheryl Smith: it.
Cathy Burnham: So, on a… when we're the lead, I think we noted the other day, we produce…
Cathy Burnham: A quota share endorsement form.
Cathy Burnham: Does that get produced?
Cathy Burnham: When… that does not get produced when we're a follower.
Robert Lombardo: Correct, because the…
Cathy Burnham: Two-page document. Following foreign policy. Two pages, yeah.
Robert Lombardo: two pages, and it says what our percentage is, and it all refers back to the leads form for all the.
Cathy Burnham: Yep.
Robert Lombardo: Policy provisions and limits and everything else.
Cathy Burnham: Endorsements, AIs, all that. So there would be none of that on a following form.
Brian Marburger: But I think, Kathy, you're going down the right path, where…
Brian Marburger: we can't really answer your question yet, Cheryl, because, like, maybe it… maybe the… the quota share…
Brian Marburger: Endorsement belongs on the endorsement screen, but the only thing you're doing there is attaching it
Brian Marburger: And indicating the percent.
Brian Marburger: there's a… when you do that, I know I'm gonna sound like I'm sluicing, but it's reinforcing what you're saying, which is…
Brian Marburger: That just means that when you get, like, the pricing screen, there's something now available that wasn't there before, which allows you to do the override, for example, and affect the premium, and stuff like that. So, yeah, it's almost like you need to trigger it somewhere, and then there's
Brian Marburger: There's subsequent issues that have to be put in. Put your pre…
Robert Lombardo: I'm solving for you as well, Brian, but the quota share form itself?
Robert Lombardo: should not initiate the box. It's when you select the following
Robert Lombardo: form. And wherever that resides, that would be… that would be the trigger.
Brian Marburger: Right, yeah. Yeah, when you pick on the endorsement, which one is it, right? Yeah. Well, you would, by picking the endorsement.
Brian Marburger: Indicate your lead, right?
Brian Marburger: Because if you're following, it's a different scenario… a different endorsement that you're going to get.
Robert Lombardo: on it, it's a two-page.
Brian Marburger: Yeah, I know, yeah.
Robert Lombardo: We keep saying endorse, but I get it, I get what you're saying, though. If it resides on the endorsement page, and that's how we select that coverage, I get it.
Brian Marburger: But you bring up a good point, Cheryl, is we don't really know where it goes yet, right?
Brian Marburger: Yeah. Because it's touching multiple things, right?
Cheryl Smith: Yeah, we'll just take that back. I just didn't know if y'all had discussed it in the meeting that I wasn't in.
Brian Marburger: And the other thing is, this really doesn't…
Cathy Burnham: out on that time yet, Cheryl.
Cathy Burnham: How about commission?
Cathy Burnham: on a follower. Do we set the commission rate? Does the lead set the commission rate?
Robert Lombardo: To be honest with you, I've never seen a commission rate change based on who's following, so the lead sets it.
Cathy Burnham: Okay.
Madison Jahn: That…
Cathy Burnham: Hold on. I don't know.
Madison Jahn: Is a good question.
Madison Jahn: Actually, though, because… Have you seen.
Robert Lombardo: unit.
Madison Jahn: No, I've not seen it, but I've not done many since we've done this commission rate change with…
Madison Jahn: are certain brokers, right? So, like.
Madison Jahn: I haven't had to override any of those yet.
Madison Jahn: But are they still expecting from us?
Robert Lombardo: We'll take that offline. Let me call a friend.
Madison Jahn: Okay. We're calling a friend. Yeah.
Robert Lombardo: No phone up front.
Madison Jahn: It sounds good.
Cathy Burnham: So do we have, like, nowadays, we have a few brokers where we're giving them a different commission than, like, all the… all the rest? I don't remember what your commission was.
Robert Lombardo: We can either agree to it on a…
Robert Lombardo: A specific broker, specific broker location, like at one office.
Robert Lombardo: Or an individual count.
Cathy Burnham: Okay, yep.
Robert Lombardo: Because you can… part of the negotiation, okay, they're gonna do it on a fee basis, alright, well, I net it down.
Robert Lombardo: On that one account.
Cathy Burnham: So you'll check whether…
Robert Lombardo: You can have a different commission level on a following quota share than the lead. I will validate that.
Cathy Burnham: We will be… I mean, I'm sure we can support that, it's just more of a…
Robert Lombardo: need to know.
Cathy Burnham: No. Yeah.
Robert Lombardo: I gotcha.
Pavan.Shah@iatinsurance.com: Any concern with the downstream reporting? Like,
Pavan.Shah@iatinsurance.com: 3 aircrafts going as a premium of 500K.
Pavan.Shah@iatinsurance.com: As a follow… as a follow or quota share policy.
Robert Lombardo: I haven't had an issue with it yet.
Robert Lombardo: Brian, you're, you're muted.
Cathy Burnham: You don't have data, though, Rob.
Brian Marburger: I was gonna joke, Rob's gonna look really good with a $500,000 premium for one aircraft.
Cathy Burnham: Or Sam's gonna go, like, wait, what?
Robert Lombardo: I get it, but,
Robert Lombardo: It may seem a little kooky, maybe we can put down number of airplanes, maybe there's a place that says how many aircraft are on the schedule.
Robert Lombardo: So that they could pull a data of 200 airplanes? I have no idea. That might be something of value. We probably need to tap Christine.
Robert Lombardo: on the BIT.
Robert Lombardo: To get that? And I think she's gonna be more involved with the whole data aspect of things in the background.
Robert Lombardo: Because there is value in knowing how many aircraft are on.
Robert Lombardo: A quota share policy that if we're following, we should have an idea.
Cathy Burnham: Good question.
Pavan.Shah@iatinsurance.com: Just one.
Madison Jahn: So on the smaller ones, Rob, are you wanting us to put the aircraft like we do right now?
Robert Lombardo: Yeah.
Madison Jahn: Okay.
Robert Lombardo: We're talking about, like, a large, like, I don't want you dumping in 200 airplanes.
Madison Jahn: Right.
Robert Lombardo: I'm not.
Madison Jahn: I mean, if we've got, like.
Madison Jahn: Right, if we got, like, two, we can put those in.
Robert Lombardo: Correct. This is more of the large fleet type situation. So, in essence, you may be looking at 10, 15, 20 policies right now, but that could get a little more intense as the future goes on, but we definitely need to find a solution for it. But knowing… knowing the number of units.
Robert Lombardo: or I say units, because everyone likes to use units, but aircraft.
Robert Lombardo: On a following form is not a bad thing to… not… well…
Robert Lombardo: It would be a bad thing not to know. I mean, we could go through the file and find out, but for a downstream with data.
Robert Lombardo: It makes sense.
Robert Lombardo: And at least then Sam can put a swag against it if he had to.
Andrea.Young@iatinsurance.com: Would we have a rating worksheet all worked up for a follow form, too, based on all the selections that were made in the system?
Andrea.Young@iatinsurance.com: No.
Brian Marburger: Unity would produce… well, I guess that's a question, like, should Unity even produce a rating worksheet when it's a follower? Because it would be of no value, you know what I mean? Yeah, good question.
Cheryl Smith: Well, we could produce it, it just wouldn't get used.
Brian Marburger: Yeah, I mean, it would just show whatever minimal stuff you put in, right?
Cheryl Smith: Yeah.
Brian Marburger: Yeah.
Cheryl Smith: I wouldn't want a code to say, don't produce for this and that, let's just produce it and let it get used if you want.
Andrea.Young@iatinsurance.com: Could…
Brian Marburger: Yeah, that brings up a good…
Andrea.Young@iatinsurance.com: You go ahead, Ron.
Brian Marburger: I was just gonna say, Rob brings up a good point. We should add a field on,
Brian Marburger: follow a… follow… following screen, whatever that's gonna be, right? How many aircraft are there, approximately?
Biswajit Pati: instead of doing the math outside, I mean, system would do it, it's a multiplication, and they can select override and override it. So it was $5,000,
Biswajit Pati: Per aircraft. So we give them the number of units.
Biswajit Pati: System doesn't matter, 50,000, and if they have a number to override, they'll update it to 60 or 55, whatever.
Madison Jahn: Well, since we're wanting the functionality to kind of be a little bit different for large fleets versus small fleets, is it, like, if we put a number in there that is X…
Madison Jahn: Right, then we won't have all the option to put it in the aircraft? Like, above
Madison Jahn: Whatever number that we decide is large, too large to put in the aircraft.
Madison Jahn: Because, like we said, if there's only 2,
Madison Jahn: Then we're gonna put the aircraft in.
Madison Jahn: So maybe that, like, number…
Brian Marburger: community.
Madison Jahn: It's… it opens up a field.
Madison Jahn: Or closes the field to put in the aircraft descriptions.
Brian Marburger: I wouldn't… I would just leave it open for you guys. If it's a small schedule, you put in what you want. If it's a big schedule, you just…
Brian Marburger: Put in… they're gonna use it maybe to type a few in.
Brian Marburger: to get a price indication, but they don't… they're not gonna do anything. You would just… that's all you would do.
Cheryl Smith: Yeah, you either use it or you don't.
Madison Jahn: Yeah, my… I'm just thinking about, like, midterm endorsements, right? Because, like, we don't necessarily always have…
Madison Jahn: the exact number that the lead expects. Like, Rob, do you want us to, like, change that now, and be like, hey, because sometimes they'll just be like, hey, remove this aircraft.
Madison Jahn: And since we put it in the system, we remove it.
Brian Marburger: You're talking a.
Madison Jahn: Are you wanting us to… Even if we're a follower.
Brian Marburger: Well, if you're doing a follower, you wouldn't do anything with aircraft.
Robert Lombardo: With a large fleet like that, you wouldn't have those aircraft in there.
Madison Jahn: Right.
Robert Lombardo: Right now, you're just removing, but since… you're saying now that
Robert Lombardo: Well, the small, you do… you take it in and out like you do for calculations, right? That makes sense.
Madison Jahn: Well, I mean, I'm kinda not seeing how both of them are gonna work at the same time, right?
Robert Lombardo: Got it.
Madison Jahn: That's… that's what I'm trying to… figure out.
Robert Lombardo: Through this one and think about it.
Cathy Burnham: Yeah, we gotta probably think through that, like, but…
Cheryl Smith: And watch this.
Cathy Burnham: Scheduling it.
Cathy Burnham: the system be…
Cheryl Smith: Yeah.
Cathy Burnham: You're either stuck.
Robert Lombardo: I hate to do it one way for one part, and then…
Cathy Burnham: Or you're scheduling, yeah, none.
Cathy Burnham: Yeah, and…
Robert Lombardo: That goes back to the other thing, too, about adding, like, a spot for a number of aircraft. Well, if they come back to you and say, delete an airplane, you're gonna have to adjust
Robert Lombardo: It's $200, now you gotta go to $199. You gotta keep that moving, too.
Cathy Burnham: Yeah, I think we gotta… it's all part of the…
Cathy Burnham: input we gotta take in to… to, like… Yeah.
Cheryl Smith: And everybody's idea of small, I mean, Madison, yours might be 5 or less, and somebody else's might be 25 or less, and somebody else's is 100. We've got to standardize that.
Cheryl Smith: lately.
Madison Jahn: Yeah, that's kind of just what I was thinking. I was like, is the functionality gonna change depending on…
Madison Jahn: You know, how we are keeping track of these.
Robert Lombardo: Okay.
Cheryl Smith: Wow.
Biswajit Pati: So, from a document generation standpoint, we know we are generating this one form, follow form, but rest all documents similar to rating worksheet and all of the other documents, deck pages and all, although it wouldn't be used, but it'll still be generated, even though we are not the lead.
Biswajit Pati: Or we have to suppress it?
Brian Marburger: No, you don't need to create any of that.
Cathy Burnham: Any worksheet could get generated, there's no harm in that, but, like, from a…
Robert Lombardo: But how would you do that when you're doing a spot check, right? It wouldn't be valid, really.
Robert Lombardo: you don't have a full fleet in there, I guess the point, why would you generate it?
Cathy Burnham: It's for our… it's for its internal use anyways, like, it's just more for…
Brian Marburger: Yeah, but you wouldn't want to produce the, like, the coverage form, or the deck, or anything like that.
Cathy Burnham: It's just that one following form policy that gets produced at issue.
Brian Marburger: during the call.
Brian Marburger: Cuppies would be all that would be.
Brian Marburger: And what?
Cathy Burnham: Right.
Brian Marburger: a core proposal.
Brian Marburger: On a pod. You can save that analog base.
Cheryl Smith: and binder.
Brian Marburger: Well, yeah, I was just… yeah, exactly. Quote binder.
Brian Marburger: But you wouldn't have a deck, wouldn't have coverage form or endorsements.
Brian Marburger: No state forms, right, Rob?
Robert Lombardo: Nope.
Robert Lombardo: Because once again, it all refers back to…
Robert Lombardo: The leads quorum, which would have all of that.
Bikash.Agarwal@iatinsurance.com: But, Rob, did you say, that
Bikash.Agarwal@iatinsurance.com: You can also insure an aircraft on a following form if the lead, decide not to insure it. Still, follow form can include that aircraft?
Robert Lombardo: So…
Bikash.Agarwal@iatinsurance.com: No, right? Okay.
Robert Lombardo: No, it's reversed. The lead is making a lot of decisions, and they try to say, hey, we're going to… we're gonna add a contract for $10 million to allow them to fly a helicopter with actors in it to do filming.
Robert Lombardo: And I'm gonna charge…
Robert Lombardo: Nothing for it. And I'm increasing limits to… by $5 million. I could push back and say I'm not willing to do that.
Bikash.Agarwal@iatinsurance.com: Yes.
Robert Lombardo: Okay.
Bikash.Agarwal@iatinsurance.com: It cannot be other way around, where a follow-up form includes something which lead does not include. It's not possible, right?
Robert Lombardo: Where would I put it? My document's two pages. Correct. And it says, whatever the lead does, I'm following.
Bikash.Agarwal@iatinsurance.com: So, that is what I was wondering, how will it be part of the contract then?
Robert Lombardo: Understood.
Robert Lombardo: But yeah, there's no way for me to do it, because I'm not issuing endorsements, I'm not doing anything like that. At this point, it's more transactional regarding premium.
Bikash.Agarwal@iatinsurance.com: Thank you, yeah.
Cathy Burnham: So let's… Take EZK… the small fleet, right? There's… And we're gonna… it's following…
Cathy Burnham: We're gonna put the aircraft out there.
Cathy Burnham: And let's say it's platinum.
Cathy Burnham: But you're not… I mean, we don't really have to make the platinum selections, coverage selections, because that's all determined by the lead.
Robert Lombardo: Once again, yes, everything is done by the lead. We're not issuing any forms. All we're gonna do is try to validate if we agree with the premium.
Cathy Burnham: Calculate haul and liability premium.
Robert Lombardo: Correct. Whether we do it on, like, a full ground up, like, if we do the whole schedule.
Robert Lombardo: like, all the airplanes, or we're going to spot check it on 3 or 4 of them, just to make sure the underwriter believes that they're in the ballpark. And then they sit there and they click on, yes, I agree, they put the premiums in for the calculation of their portion size, and the quote goes out, and that's all it is. And after that, it's just maintenance.
Robert Lombardo: Sure. Premium maintenance.
Bikash.Agarwal@iatinsurance.com: So if, the system… if you want to… the system to give you a ballpark… I mean, an estimated premium based on the aircraft, then it… we need to put all the aircrafts, but if you decide that you don't want to put all the aircraft
Bikash.Agarwal@iatinsurance.com: On the policy, on the screen, then you… the underwriter does it offline, and they don't put anything on the system, and they just key in the amount that they want to charge for that particular policy.
Bikash.Agarwal@iatinsurance.com: Alright, so…
Robert Lombardo: Correct.
Bikash.Agarwal@iatinsurance.com: Okay.
Robert Lombardo: On that note, I do need to drop, guys.
Bikash.Agarwal@iatinsurance.com: Okay, thank you.
Cheryl Smith: Yeah. Thank you.
Robert Lombardo: Thank you. Bye.
Bikash.Agarwal@iatinsurance.com: Thank you, Rob.
Cathy Burnham: Have your weekend.
Bikash.Agarwal@iatinsurance.com: Right.